The content in here is rather technical. Beware none of it is by any means mandatory for anything you do and is likely to make a non-techie rather angry trying to figure it out. You've been warned.

Compilation from pandoc is mainly to produce epub. The epub should be touched up using sigil then it's ready for reading on ereaders and passing that epub through calibre to get a mobi file makes it ready for use on kindles. Recently there has been a glitch in pandoc and the title page wont compile into epubs anymore. A fix to allow compilation is in the book source as Main-Pandoc.tex so run pandoc on that file instead and it works.

I use FreeBSD on my home computer so I can use the virtual terminal for some writing. It presents nothing but a black screen so I can write without distraction. It was indespensible for when I needed it but I don't recommend that operating system for the faint of heart. A nice uncluttered operating system that isn't quite so manly would be any linux running mate in my opinion. Yes it's just opinion I think mate is a good simple screen. Ubuntu Mate would be the most popular of the type. It also has virtual terminals if you wanted to try a hand with it. "vi" is the best editor to use in the terminal but there will be a help file for the concept in this folder. Linux/unix have virtual terminals but Macos and Microsoft Windows do not.

For anything in the this book source package I tried to use file formats that are compatible with free software (as in FOSS). The software used I will list here if you want to follow a similar path. libreoffice isn't manly at all though so use it if you don't already have MSoffice that can import odt files. Anything can import RTF files.
